join build farm: update doc for kubeconfig (#31942)
openshift/release: clusters/JoinBuildFarm.md

## Set up applyConfig against the cluster

It is required that the API server uses a CA trusted certificate.

> See [OpenShift doc for the steps](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/security/certificates/api-server.html) of achieving it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [OpenShift documentation](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/security/certificates/api-server.html) for the necessary steps.
```
